Stopping PrEP usage (#216)
UCL/hivpy: tutorials/prep.md

- *`FIRST_ORAL_START_DATE`* - The start date of an individual's first ever usage of oral PrEP, otherwise None if they have never used oral PrEP.
- *`FIRST_CAB_START_DATE`* - The start date of an individual's first ever usage of cabotegravir PrEP, otherwise None if they have never used cab PrEP.
- *`FIRST_LEN_START_DATE`* - The start date of an individual's first ever usage of lenacapavir PrEP, otherwise None if they have never used len PrEP.
- *`FIRST_VR_START_DATE`* - The start date of an individual's first ever usage of vaginal ring PrEP, otherwise None if they have never used vr PrEP.
- *`LAST_PREP_START_DATE`* - The start date of an individual's most recent period of PrEP usage.
- *`PREP_JUST_STARTED`* - A boolean flag signifying whether an individual started using PrEP this time step.
- *`LAST_PREP_USE_DATE`* - The date of an individual's most recent PrEP usage (at a time step granularity).
- *`LAST_PREP_STOP_DATE`* - The stop date of an individual's most recent period of PrEP usage. Reset to None if they restart PrEP.
- *`PREP_PAUSED`* - A boolean flag signifying whether an individual has paused their PrEP usage this time step due to ineligibility.

> - *`CONT_ON_PREP`* - A timedelta tracking the total length of continuous PrEP usage (at a time step granularity) of the current type of PrEP based on user intention. Breaks due to ineligibility do not count against continuity, but choosing to stop using PrEP does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *`CONT_ON_PREP`* - A timedelta tracking the total length of continuous PrEP usage (at a time step granularity) of the current type of PrEP based on user intention. The value of `CONT_ON_PREP` is frozen if PrEP usage is paused (due to temporary ineligibility / lack of risk) until the PrEP is actively being taken again. The value is reset if the subject _chooses_ to stop PrEP, or if they become ineligible due to diagnosis or ageing out (65+). 
```

> - *`CONT_INTENT_ON_PREP`* - As `CONT_ON_PREP`, but this count will continue to increment even when an individual has paused PrEP usage due to ineligibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *`CONT_INTENT_ON_PREP`* - As `CONT_ON_PREP`, but this count will continue to increment even when an individual has paused PrEP usage due to ineligibility. This will reset if a person is diagnosed with HIV or is over 65, as above. 
```

### PrEP Columns

- *`R_PREP`* - A semi-permanent random float variable that determines whether an individual is risk informed or suspects they are at risk enough to take PrEP. Rerolled only for ineligible people when determining PrEP eligibility each time step.
- *`PREP_ORAL_PREF`* - A float value between [0, 1] drawn from a beta distribution that determines and individual's preference for oral PrEP.
- *`PREP_CAB_PREF`* - A float value between [0, 1] drawn from a beta distribution that determines and individual's preference for cabotegravir PrEP.
- *`PREP_LEN_PREF`* - A float value between [0, 1] drawn from a beta distribution that determines and individual's preference for lenacapavir PrEP.

> - *`PREP_VR_PREF`* - A float value between [0, 1] drawn from a beta distribution that determines and individual's preference for vaginal ring PrEP.

Author: About these intervals – I'm not actually sure whether they're [0, 1] or (1, 0). The numpy docs don't say, and the referenced beta distribution Wikipedia page states the interval can be [0, 1] or (1, 0), so that's not very helpful.

Reviewer: For alpha, Beta > 1 then beta distributions are defined in interval [0,1]
